hey guys what's up my name is worriedly
and welcome to my channel Eggbert
today's video I'm gonna be giving you
some tips on how to move out your
parents house for the first time now for
those of you that don't know I'm the
senior in college and I graduate this
year everyone feels the need to ask me
what I'm doing after college which is
kind of the person because at that point
in time you'd already know what you're
gonna do at your future and every time
they ask that question I just get really
anxious and depressed and it kind of
destroys my entire day not before I
start with the tips I feel compelled to
tell you guys that I don't really want
to move up right after I graduate a lot
in that sense from the fact that I live
in New York and rent is extremely
expensive and I don't want to have to
pay about $1,200 for a studio apartment
just to make sure that I live in a
neighborhood that I won't get shot at
and also because I don't want a roommate
because I really enjoy my own company
and I just don't want to live with other
people and a lot of people are winning
would to New York they always end up
getting a roommate and I really don't
want that and I'm Phil honestly really
comfortable in my own house but with
that said let's start with the tips on
how to move on your parents house my
first and most important one is to
establish a credit history not to do
this you could open up a student credit
card they give those out really easily
if you're in school and just to make
sure that things that you would normally
pay with money just use your credit card
on it and then the next month you can
just pay it back it's about eight months
for your credit to start showing and
then was I got two different student
credit cards one from Citibank one from
Bank of America and it took about eight
months for my creditors start showing
and
called Credit Karma and it's absolutely
free stay update your credit regularly
and it doesn't affect your credit when
you check it so check out Credit Karma
calm and they also have a mobile app
yeah I already suggest you get a credit
card and manage it well and establish
your good credit because even if you
have the money and you don't have good
credit you cannot get an apartment cuz
like your credit sucks so you need good
credit while you're on the track of
establishing a credit you should
probably start paying off your student
loans I think where they'll actually
know that they could pay off their loans
while they're in school you don't
actually have to wait until you leave
school to start paying now I've been
paying my student loans ever since
freshman year means that at first I was
paying off the interest so now I don't
have any interest on it at all and once
you're done paying off the interest you
start paying the actual loans itself
because honesty is interest that
accumulates the most amount of money so
start paying your loans interest while
you're in school
and if you don't have loans so my third
tip for you is to stay safe save you
need to save up the first the last and
security deposit for your rights but
also make sure that you have two extra
months of rent saved up now a lot of
people suggest that you save six months
and just in case anything happening and
you don't have a job and that could be
extremely hard because that's really a
lot of money and you may not have that
but I feel like two months or three
months is good enough so say for that
also save money for furniture and home
goods you don't want to move into your
brand-new apartment in your life
leaving on your mattress on the floor I
mean you can but that's not ideal to
start saving while you're saving enough
money to set up a budget you're sending
up a budget to figure out how much
you're gonna be spending monthly that's
gonna be on rent utilities that is your
gas electricity if you're in another
state I think if they pay water by New
York we don't make water I think if you
won't ever get really fancy you can get
cable but that's really expensive so you
could probably just get Internet and
you'll be fine how you gonna get to it
from work that could be for your gas or
for your MetroCard and things like that
so make sure you accumulate all of these
things into your budget but the last
thing I want to tell you guys is to
begin by paying some bills while you're
at home yeah I help my parents with the
light bill you could start by paying
your cell phone or the gas or anything
that gets you in the routine of having
to make monthly payments towards a bill
it makes a bit of difference I've been
spending money just sitting out with
your friends and going shopping versus
having money and having to pay bills and
then see what you're left over with and
then they can do it that those tips are
good enough and they're kind of a
primary building blocks just to make
sure that you become more independent as
a person and you become more adult yeah
if you found this video helpful let me
know give it a thumbs up and also let me
know what other videos you guys want to
see next and I will see you next time
I'm going to be doing a lot of work bend
almonds spring break